So last week we talked about the true God. Do you remember what his name is according to the Bible?
Yes, Jehovah. Very good. He created everything in heaven and on earth.
At the bottom of page 7 is an illustration of a man.
Do you remember who that is? That's the first man Adam. Yes.
So in our discussion today, we're going to talk about what life was like in paradise.
So let's look at pages 8 and 9.
At the top, you see Adam walking towards someone. Who do you think that is?
It looks like it's a woman. Her name was Eve. Right.
The Bible says that after Jehovah created Adam, he made the first woman.
Then he gave the woman to Adam to be his wife.
How do you think Adam felt when he first saw his wife?
I think he must have been very, very happy.
I agree. The scripture at the bottom of the page is from Genesis 128.
Let's read that.
Further, God bless them and God said to them, be fruitful and become many.
Fill the earth and subdue it and have in subjection the fish of the sea and the flying creatures of the heavens and every living creature that is moving on the earth.
It says here that God blessed them. If you look at them standing here, how would you say that God blessed them?
Well, God gave them a beautiful garden to live in.
Yes. What are some of the nice things you see in the garden?
Well, I see a waterfall and a river, so there's lots of water.
There's beautiful flowers and a fruit tree. And I see animals.
Yes. Doesn't this picture look a lot like the one on pages 2 and 3?
Mm-hmm.
Now, remember the verse we just read said that Adam and Eve had every living creature in subjection.
That means the animals were under the care of humans.
So the animals were at peace with Adam and Eve.
That's why in this illustration, Adam and Eve don't seem to be worried about the lion behind them.
And did you notice that Adam and Eve are depicted as being young and healthy?
Yes, I did.
Genesis 128 says God blessed them. So would you think God created them to grow old and die?
Mm-hmm. That's a good question.
Well, that Bible verse says that Jehovah wanted them to be fruitful and become many and fill the earth.
In other words, Adam and Eve were given the job of expanding their family and the garden until the whole earth was filled.
How long do you think would it take for Adam and Eve to do that?
I'm sure it would have taken hundreds of years.
Yes.
So in order for Adam and Eve to fulfill that assignment, Jehovah gave them minds and bodies that were perfect without any flaw, they were designed to live forever.
That's very interesting.
But in order for Adam and Eve to live forever, they needed to listen to God and obey Him.
Now look at the picture at the top of page 9.
Let's talk a little bit about who that is.
Notice his wings.